hello everyone and welcome to the second
episode of League weekly recoated as you
might know or recognize especially if
you're watching a live stream the
production continues to go downhill we
started about 23 minutes later when we
were supposed to and the show note topic
thing is just kind of a bunch of random
jumble but it's going to be a great show
and you should all stick around and let
me go ahead and introduce my co-host
here because they are the reason that
this is going to be a great show there's
so much to talk about starting off with
in Los Angeles California we have Emily
Rand how's it going at my wave I'm doing
pretty well actually organizing all my
different tree Lance stuff so that's
really cool yes I have a lot of stuff
coming out so that's like I'm just
excited to be working again because I
don't like not working
yeah you have like a whole not not even
for the money like I just don't know
what to do with myself I'm like I want
to do things so you had like the whole
week off yeah I don't know what to do
with weeks off yeah you know
understandably you were spending that
week off trying to find work yeah I was
like contacting people and I still went
to LCS to gather interviews and stuff
like that before I knew where they were
going
so this week you'll see all of the homes
I found for them and other articles No
and you've raised it good yeah the two
that have been announced our in Van
global and slingshots nice well
congratulations
many work also in Shanghai
Kelsey Moser who is now I think running
ESP nice ports that's what I saw right
that's what you announced I'm
effectively running the power ranking oh
really are you writing hope you just if
you won I mean if you just tell Fiat on
fire no he's like okay well what about
the other message that ESPN um I mean
there you can they have good
conversations and stuff so you keep
having good conversations and if you're
really really stubborn because no one
wants to talk about Power Rankings for
three hours
yeah um like we oughta raking because
you are on this with me on a ranking
from like like where does it rank
compared to the lol eSports towering
King conversation get somebody owes like
huge massive site where I would just
stand back and be like holy crap people
are mad no I mean it's actually really
calm most people on it are I think
everyone on it is rational so and we'll
have good like arguments so I think it's
fine and usually people are pretty
agreeable the only reason I said that is
because I'm always the biggest asshole
so if you're the biggest asshole you can
run anything okay that's how I Rani
Ansari sports yeah Kelsey Kelsey you
other stuff so obviously your input okay
so you it's not just that you are
providing input like you are actually
you have a kind of like a freelance
position doing the Power Rankings is
that fairness thing yeah freelance
position and I'm at least going to be
like ESPN weirdly wanted OPL content so
that was cool and oxygen
you okay they'll learn their lesson
Blake well we have another place that I
am going to put stuff that's nice good
very cool all right well thanks random
videos the bedside mark what are you
doing right now
what's happening I'm just readjusting on
a couch okay and help
so we're doctoring value that's my week
yeah there yeah just you spent the past
seven days readjusting on the couch it's
been a rough seven days guys yeah ah not
much I'm doing stuff with scarlet house
so that's why I'm here today
Jim stuff and everything else does Sam I
got sunburned it's kind of a bummer this
is a rumor you went outside yeah we shot
outside and I'm now I'm burned yeah did
you did play with her today yes okay I'm
already like be read from it's in like
three hours inside of us okay
great well I'm excited to see what it is
is it like whenever you and Josh Kim
used to do those weird videos or is it
actually something remember my sunburn
no the video the content no no it's like
real shit okay okay people will probably
want to watch probably all right well
I'm excited to see it because I'll
probably want to watch it too as for me
I continue to exist and that's that's my
life right now it's very exciting
and yeah I'll believe was at LCS this
past weekend so I had the weekend off
though I did show up for a little bit to
help get her set up and do some stuff so
you'll see interviews coming from Avila
this weekend at the stately YouTube
channel anyway we've been talking for
far too long let's get into the show and
I'm just going to randomly pick one of
these topics to start off with and I
already wish why is the topics list
looks so ugly you can format that better
who me yeah you just I never made this
not OBS your mock you're making fun of
Emily right now she was the one that put
this whole thing together no I mean like
on the screen right now I don't think
she did that you just have to enter it
at the end of each topic and yeah but
how do I don't know how to do line
breaks yeah press Enter no I mean I try
that and explain it isn't work have you
tried to do it well using wow the actual
code like /n what is it backslash n /n
for nuclei enter but that doesn't work
either
let's okay whatever yeah I don't know I
mean I could just make like a ton of
them but I don't know no that's not too
complicated all right we're starting off
with the fabled 10 man roster
Emily Rams pelvic so you're starting us
off on the show today Emily yes so
basically I think the examples that most
people will point to from North America
obviously teamliquid came out and said
with their acquisition of nori on like
that was kind of their headlining
acquisition but a few other players
we saw associate and Conklin playing on
a lot of teams are going to and we'd
previously touched on this with TSM a
lot of teams are going to towards
picking up subs to build out a 10 man
roster so I wanted to reopen this
discussion because 10 man rosters are
something that I've personally been a
little shaky on even though I've seen
the best iteration of like substitutions
and that's from fkp
and I know like SKT is kind of a team
everyone loves to site where when people
started picking up subs and started
rotating through them after the sister
team's condensed in Korea and fkg kept
swapping between easyhoon and faker
everyone was like oh we're going to do
that because it worked for them
and that's kind of still the example
that I feel like people reach out and
hold up as like this actually works look
at SKT in 2015 look at SK team now with
just last night they had the who me and
peanut group and then the blanket our
group but that is in my opinion one
outlier to 10-man rosters actually
working so I guess what do we think of
that what do we think of all these
substitutions that are going on the LCS
do we think that teams are actually
going to use these players are they just
bringing them on as another method of
preparing for franchising and having an
academy team how do players even feel
like that I like feel about it because
like I don't know if I were player I'd
want to know that I was starting and I
think only SK Telecom and a few other
teams can get away with been chasing
players or like swapping out lions and
stuff so I would say question I'm sorry
I just wanted to go all the way back to
the top or we're talking about sk p it's
like how how much can we even call
escapees ten men rostering a success I
think the one mechanism that you can
definitely say a success is is kind of a
successes like the swapping
mechanism but often there's always like
a feeling that when they have subs and
starters there is one sub versus there's
1/4 he just like feels worse for the
team and the team just seems to play way
better with the other iteration like
obviously right now the big examples
like Tina right whereas the King
displays better with blank at the moment
so in that regard I kind of feel like
it's not even s Casey is not even like
the pinnacle of success but a 10 man
roster wants to achieve because I think
the only thing SKT 10 men roster really
really does well is like the refresher
aspect which is like everyone is kind of
gone after a loss you swap out a plan or
something's changed yeah alright we're
here we're ready to win the next game
and I think that that's like the only
aspect that's really really definitively
a success for SKT so I'm still kind of
and I'm calling SKT 10 man roster hugely
amazing only then go mark oh no you can
go oh no I was going to say the only
addendums about that have is we have I
think the reason why people hold up SKT
is a success but I actually agree with
you I think in certain like right now
it's obvious to me that blank is the
better jungler for SKT but in terms of
citing specific reasons why a PT swap
players I want to add that another thing
that I think they have done pretty well
is adjust to meta by swapping players so
like I know people were super mad about
faker being subbed out for easyhoon and
then he came out in 2016 and had this
like magnificent year that had yet to be
seen because they kept swapping and
easyhoon to play that champion but I do
think that's another way that rosters
can be is just but even then there's
always a better five-man iteration for a
specific meadow or the champions that
they want to play and I don't even know
I kind of I feel like when SK
2 is just sort of playing poorly though
I don't even know if it was meta it was
like weird like faker was just kind of
playing worse I don't know kind of like
she no go ahead
not very like I know any time if they
able to get 10 min Rostov is like two
things people want to do they want to
like develop players and then like have
strategic depth or something like that
and to the point that like usually the
strategic depth you're adding doesn't
benefit enough to offset the chemistry
that the best version of your five-man
roster has the example with the EZ whom
one did seem like the strategic value
was maybe worth because faker wasn't
like absolutely smashing people at that
time frame and it made it look better
than it would if like that was an
instance where faker was like full god
mode so I kind of agree that they're the
best example of it working and the fact
that we've been talking about this shows
that it's not like a super compelling
like staying to go for right the fact
that like our shining example is one
that we have to like talk in and out
about the benefits of yeah I mean isn't
we were talking about this last week I
think and weren't we speculating that
part of this might be because of the
franchise thing like the question is
would you have 10 all these 10 men
rosters popping up if the format for LCS
and the like the system of it wasn't
changing next year I think that might be
part of it I think a lot of it is just
more money because like LPL and lck
teams are doing this just when there was
more money and I think LCS teams like
like to copy trendy things as we also
said last year and I think that was even
your point but the other aspect of it is
I think like fatigue is a consideration
because there are more games yeah but
one thing also that I remember when G to
brag on expect and originally it was
like kick it was agreeing to share the
their roster with expects but then he
came back and he was saying things like
I was surprised by how much more I felt
like I was falling behind because I
didn't get as many practice games I
didn't get as many scripts I didn't get
as many matches in general and that's
why he decided to leave g2 so I thought
that that was an interesting thing to
add so the question is like because that
I haven't heard that particular piece of
information from a lot of different
places I know a golden glue said this
same thing with like link was like they
were swapping flying time it just felt
like both them were behind the curve and
falling further because they were
splitting time a little bit earlier on
the season before TL completely moved
away from the idea of a link yeah I was
gonna say I've interviewed a couple of
players for the split positions and like
I had an interview that came out with
Inori today actually about even though
how he really loved Phoenix one and he
kind of made a name for himself in
Phoenix one in Phoenix one was like this
family to him being substituted in and
out with me Dios was actually like
really detrimental to his confidence and
he didn't really like the way he was
performing on stage because you know
less practice time meant that he wasn't
as confident going in to games and it
became it kind of like you know snow
balled where he just wasn't as confident
of a player and it obviously affected
his performance I think I mean it's
similar to like I don't know I know
people hate traditional sports analogies
but like people always say that if you
if you don't know who your quarterback
is going to be it's always a bad thing
because it means you're swapping through
having them have like so many reps and
practice instead of having one persons
that you can rely on get all the reps
and practice and be it in a lot better
shape to play on game day so um I mean I
don't know I'm just not a fan of 10-man
rosters I guess but I also I think
fatigue is a really good point and I
also think that like when metas shift
it's good to have players that you can
substitute in if a player is struggling
really really really badly like for
example I I do think even though people
will probably disagree with me on this
I do think substituting blank in for
bengi last year when bengi was really
struggling like they had him up here and
I think he's like rumbled and fed the
only champion he looks any way competent
on with Elise and even though Blanc had
very visible with
stakes actually agreed with the
substitution because the tea employee
aid status or when blank was in because
he his champion pool in his play style
suited the meta a lot better than thanks
thank you
yeah I the one thing that we haven't
really touched on that I've had owners
tell me is that being in a position to
keep having somebody that is at any
given point in time ready to step in for
your role is a great way of keeping
players motivated because like there's
often times where players might get
distracted because they started dating
someone or they just get lazy or they
start playing about double if I'm
talking about like half of the OCS
throughout its history
you know I not to start a crumbs
conversation type here but it is very
easy for players to get burned out or
distracted and having somebody that is
like biting at their heels to try and
get in is a pretty good way of keeping
them ready and I do agree I generally
think that like the 10 minutes are thing
like rarely will we see it be played
like it's very hard to imagine any of
these teams even having a point in time
where like throughout the split they
play every single player you know I mean
like how many of these these 10 man
rosters are actually going to see all 10
and are all 10 players get played at
some point in time during a split I
would be surprised if it's one of them
maybe we'll see something I don't know
well maybe mark a few they've used
everyone so far right okay maybe is
eight players yeah yeah oh yeah but I we
don't have the full ten men right
they don't yeah they don't as far as I
know they don't have a substitute for
piglet or Lulu right yeah those are the
two that happen that's one is the Earl
Earl oh so you probably wouldn't get
even a substitute for him but I'd be a
strong second half of the year ray yeah
so I don't know I think I I will just be
surprised if we see all ten go in maybe
teamliquid because they're crazy and
zany but I just at it yeah it usually
the bottom teams that are swapping
players a lot more clear just like
desperate to find something at least
this is what I see in LPL a lot where
it's like oh this team has four
different ATK
throughout the course we just split and
they're all getting played and it's not
really changing anything because you
don't know how to use waste dumps Laius
when you do Lane swap yeah okay
excellent let's move on yeah same same
prominent bottom teams like let's try
all tech for law that'll fix our
problems we're like we play only around
some day like what how can you fix your
problems so it's the general feeling
here that 10-man rosters are more about
PR and marketing and also just about
like motivation than it is actually a
real thing where you start to see like
yeah we actually have 10 players that
can sub it in any given point in time I
think I wouldn't say it's like all for
PR and marketing I think like the idea
of especially next please like we said
you will need 10 players most likely
like if you have some sign it just makes
it easier in the future especially if
they're half decent players that you
signed and then I think like in terms of
strategic value there's usually not much
because the reason subs are used in
traditional sports is because people get
fucking tired during the game that
doesn't happen any sports you don't need
to sub someone outwards like you need to
sub people out in almost every position
in every sport - like a goalie or a you
know
quarterback so I don't think you'll see
that in sports where you're going to see
like a very heavy roster rotation
because ideally you're 5s players or
your five best players like basketball
they would never come out of the game if
they didn't get tired think I'm I mean
some other aspect is the g2 vacation
methods so they bring in some subs yeah
their perennial intent has a chill-out
or vacation one thing I would be
interested to see more of the substance
in house because even if they aren't
getting like scream and practice times
like the benefit of the team environment
and that kind of rigor if they're really
young and they've never been part of a
team like seeing how scrims work all
these sorts of things could
theoretically be beneficial so that's
something that I think might be
interesting if it happens so we're not
really sure yeah I think there are a lot
of benefits but not all of them tie into
like mid series substitution or like
yeah today we're using a different
roster
good news as we move on to the next
topic I have figured out based on
Benson's help I do the line break for
the topics whoo how'd you do that it's a
bracket or not bracket like the less
than B are greater than sign
I forget what those things are called
carrots are the carrots carrots I think
it's when it's going up Emily
Kelsey what are these things I mean I
knew what you said and you said lesser
and greater than something but those
were like my snake topic Travis I'm very
upset about them oh yeah
you just delete it we had to cut a topic
I just I mean this one you could connect
broadly you know to there are a lot of
really bad teens there are a lot of
teens that cut the coaching staff or
maybe person I might attract high
attention I wasn't going to guys
forgotten I just forgot to put it in
there okay I see how it is all right
next up we have hitting the horrible
lows of snake esports with Kelsey
convenient yeah okay so it was
interesting because I felt like last
week Nicki's boards had we're not an
upswing when they fired their coaching
staff which is something that fnatic
have done in the past and then they had
like a much more long-lasting up stir up
uptick where they did really well for us
to split and now people still need Nico
the Pico and I feel like the best thing
for a player is to be on a team with
Nico the Pico because she'd go to the
post match threads for her ninjas in
pyjamas they're always just blazing he
can speak up players play so oh you
should always like to join a team with
Nico so um I think that that that was
interesting but this split it was like
really just terrible
I don't know I've never seen okay I've
seen teams is that maybe but it was just
they built every item was like
intentionally built incorrectly like I
felt like they were doing this
on purpose to try to try to go each
other in we had like the Essenes Zach
build we had I saw like some of this and
it was the yes it was really terrible in
the second game
they picked like all champions and then
it actually made sense to go Thunder
Ward's on these champions but all of
them were thunderlord's anyway so it's
just like it was like this was
intentional as well so I just and then
in the I'm a series they took a 15
minute inhibitor and lost the game it
was good it was beautiful I'm just like
I am impressed by how poorly sneaky
sports are playing and I think that you
can actually look at this team and you
have to start like my question is what
the topic is are they how would you tell
when a team is just trolling when they
stopped caring when there's like when do
you lovey this kind of criticism when do
you start to say this because you can't
definitively prove that's what they're
doing but it feels like they've just
already SS to their season and that's it
that's hard because I actually liked all
of the so immediately there's this team
that came to mind there I have another
example too from na but there is this
team from Brazil it was actually big
dogs were now in a challenger but they
were fine I want to say negative 22
points because they go by a point system
before the season even started for
failing to submit their roster and they
you could still tell that they were
trying and I was actually impressed by
the fact that they were because I feel
like if a team had any excuse to troll
way the season like you are not getting
anywhere with negative 22 points before
the season even start on the like even
Envy left split they had that horrible
horrible series with CLG that lasted
like every game was an hour and it was
the last game of the regular
seize it Salah she's a regular season
and I just remember waiting for
interviews and I was like when is the
Syrian to the end this is so bad why am
I still watching this um but even then
like nd did not have a like they didn't
have they were already in relegation
they didn't have a reason to keep
playing and they stuck it out and they
tried their hardest to win so I'm really
actually scratching my head trying to
think of a team that I could look at
even in like super dire circumstances
like there were Nautica there was a team
way back when and some of the one of the
earlier summer sorry one of the earlier
LCS splits where they were definitely
going dark what's that
oh yeah there's teams there was team
dark I curry a lot of a team dark yeah
there was one and that was basically
trolling in the last weekend I think
where they picked you know ridiculous
ridiculous yeah damn emo because there
were enough Twitter votes or something
that one time right yes but it'll tried
to win that game we have all through on
like a troll thing but there was a team
that did that one time where they just
couldn't even care so I don't know I'm
trying to I'm trying to remember but
yeah you can kind of tell I mean you can
usually tell by lips picks I feel like
like when they're just doing shit that
doesn't make any sense you know what I
mean like it I don't know yes I mean orc
picks all cloudtemplar pick
theoretically you can say the lissandra
top but I think they were doing that
more like a throwback fiora counter
there was like still kind of some logic
I don't know it was weird
it's weird I think and then like snakes
players have always been weird I feel
like it's just a mistake generally two
halves Londres sfm zettai oq and crystal
on the same team like i have no idea why
you would do that so um other than like
the zach bill was anything else like
stand out like whoa I'm trying to
remember exactly like the kog'maw thing
was really really bizarre it was like
second item trinity force and I had zero
ajaan their comp um there was it was
like there was something really obvious
that's laundered it but it was like I
said I'm always has really terrible
builds I think I am definitely more
people are playing the warrior quirky so
isn't that bad but it's like I don't
know it was it was more and they just
aren't even putting an effort forward
right they're all just like going super
weirdly ham they're doing in phase that
makes zero sense and I just don't
understand like what they're doing it's
especially weird because the whole thing
feels really theatrical because when
they beat w/e which everyone is just
like yes but snake beat WT all this
other stuff but their manager made this
like really impassioned speech and if
you know anything about so this guy is
like a really theatrical guy and told
allotted words he goes out of his way to
just like make really really like we
will you know be back we will redeem
ourselves by coaching when the cameras
on him right yeah kind of that situation
ago it was Jamaat on hand and can deal
so it just feels really really weird and
showy and it almost has this hint of
left like you know the the really panic
reddit comments that are like oh
franchising will make teams like just do
this sort of weird shit knows other
stuff and not care as much as well as
answer saw and itself weird a like that
because I feel like that's something
that could theoretically happen with
some of the Chinese I don't think it
will be an amazing but like China is
just so weird
so weird so I don't know so we don't
really have a conclusive answer on when
you can tell when people are just
rolling well I think the hard thing to
tell is in competitive yeah yeah yeah
because like everyone's seen those kind
of scrims I think we're like people just
like they basically just die once and
they run up and down the lanes dying
over and over and like going really
aggro and that's like technically
trolling but like you can't tell because
as far as you know their decision-making
just sucks
and so maybe a lot of teams play like
that and like you know the actual
competitive scene you wouldn't go so far
as to call trolling the way you see
trolling so low-key but it's like the
competitive equivalent of trolling yeah
the other aspect of it is like I think
that this has always been kind of a
China thing because when they had a
really really crummy playoff format I
people were using the term Oscar night
and stuff like this so - when the teams
were like intentionally but you couldn't
prove that they were intentionally
throwing matches but it was really
obvious based on picks and the fact that
they didn't take dragons for 30 minutes
and they were playing their top laner
made and all this other stuff that it
was really obvious that they were trying
to lose the game like it was really but
you couldn't prove it so there was no
sign or anything levies like this but it
was late and then there was the
incentive to not chase EDG and that side
of the bracket so that's why they wanted
to lose so I think that that's a space
there's always just like this feeling in
China that there's something weird like
that happening says I don't know sounds
like China all right next topic we're
talking about is it time to accept
immortals as Anna's lords and saviors ah
yeah so obviously I think it was last
week we did the show and we were all
talking about the 5-1 teams that we
believe in we said probably CLG
definitely not to Dignitas and probably
not so mortals if I remember and I think
we should like this weekend would be the
weekend to find out right right and
immortals went 2-0 convincingly enough
that they are in record the number one
team and I think for a lot of people
they would say the best team in B na LCS
now I want to know if Emily and Kelsey
still feel that way and if it is
something that will sustain throughout
the season so I oh do you have a pings
about gameplay okay
continue on because I would have the
stance right now that I actually do
think they are the best team in North
America in terms of gameplay but
I'm not convinced it'll stay that way
but for now I'm enjoying the fact that
they have a way that they play and it's
good yeah but if you talk to every
member of TSM they've all gone on the
record saying that they're trying to
learn for worlds or so they might be the
best team they're just not trying to
within 10 times yeah definitely try I
mean if you're trying to win worlds and
you should be more critical for your
mistakes in games because you're not
going to get away with them against
international teams but are you
suggesting they're not critical of their
own mistakes in games no I mean like
you're saying that yeah I had presumes
maybe you were not implying this but you
were saying that they were like testing
stuff out or they said that specific
right right so much for the sausage but
if you're preparing for Worlds then you
should probably be a lot harsher on
those mistakes and try to like fix them
but I don't know are you saying like
they are not learning from their
mistakes in time oh no I was just
throwing out an offhanded comment that I
don't agree with that approach um I
think that if you're aiming to do well
in an international competition you
should be more critical and aim to play
better from the get-go well I think that
it's my understanding from them not to
go to off-topic is that they're already
way off topics they made where are we on
topic we're talking about who's the best
team and the NA LCS I don't know any
ideas practice method oh well yeah I
don't know it's not their practice
methodology is there their approach to
the LCS because you could one could
argue a crazy TSM fan not myself would
argue that you can look at all the
interviews of TSM have been doing and
they're saying that they are confident
that they could go undefeated if they
just tried like one or two strategies
and outplay people with those one or two
strategies but that they'd rather try to
learn unique things and put bjergsen on
Gallio for better or worse or whatever
so they have a more diversified resume
when it comes to facing off against
these international teams oh that's not
what I thought you're implying at all no
yeah that's so I took your comment
incorrectly yeah yeah and I would say
that I don't even
by that after the last weekend or two of
play where yes bjergsen is playing a
little bit different things because
you're extending is really good can't
actually play different things but in
the meantime you're sticking by oh
Frost's end and haunts are on like
comfort champions yeah yeah yeah so I
don't buy that shit at all because it's
like oh yeah you can play lead great you
played it 10 times
you can play Thresh you can play Ashe
they're not really experimenting that
much sure ok so the question is anyway
is okay if you don't have TSM is
immortals the best he's immortal
currently the better team and then do
you expect it to continue do I think the
world is currently the best team yes
after this weekend yes okay but I think
do I have confidence in them to keep it
up um it's really funny talking to
immortal players actually because they
themselves like I'll be like how are you
guys feeling they were like I'm feeling
okay I'm feeling normal like oh you guys
are the top team yeah I don't really
know how that's happening this is like
okay yeah well Beltre has interview in
their life
how important is smithy verse coach song
you know who's really like led the team
in terms of getting better and as a team
and he's like hard to know who to give
credit to um so I'm not like and I'm in
no way like throwing shade because if
you can perform at your best on stage
and even if you don't know how that's
happening that's always better than like
performing super well in scrims and
performing poorly on stage right so like
I do think that right now they're the
best team in na I think if anything this
past weekend made me less confident in
all three of the teams for there at the
top so TSM CLG and ol immortals I'm like
at about the same rate because I was
iffy on them last week so more atheon
CLG I think the mid-season like the next
coming weeks um is this when Darko's of
azarkh and nothing falls apart no I mean
I think because I think they're like
very
there I don't know just talking to them
they're very focused and they really
really want to go to world and all that
is more than anyone wants to go to
Worlds I don't know like I mean I'm just
kind of teaching but like I have been
waiting for the breaking point for CLG
no pun intended
like Everson startup join the team
because while he is my favorite
character and breaking point and I like
dar doc a lot I know that you know you
can look at the path like the past two
times he's joined a team
things seem great until they are a
disaster and so I don't know if if when
they start losing and like they're
looking worse than immortals and all the
stuff things are going to go back I mean
that's not really what I'm talking about
what I'm talking about is that like even
in their wins they keep a lot of players
are like you know we keep making the
same mistakes and that's really what we
have to work on and so I think for them
is how long does that process take and
[Music]
right now it's not and I mean it's I
guess this is kind of unfair to say but
like I don't think it's moving as
quickly as they would like
so for CLG it's going to be how long
does it take them to fix those mistakes
which they're already acutely aware of
um for immortal it's going to be um I
mean I don't know if some of their games
are really weird this past weekend to
like their CLG series was good their
Dignitas series there was that game
where shrimp gave double buff up at like
what like super early up in top lane and
it was just like that game was over at
like five ten minutes yeah I mean they
they definitely like the Dignitas
serious is Rick's like they were kind of
winning Game one before they went too
hard and then Game two and three they
just absolutely obliterated them with
like the first time just ignoring the
topside ball shrimps and somebody
couldn't kill flames in the second time
they just destroyed
flame so I don't know yeah and then TSM
as we alluded you it's going to be about
pushing them more out of their comfort
zone which is I mean I'm one of my
topics coming up is the strapping
against GSM but um yeah so Emily the
link right now sorry really quickly
Kelsey Emily you think right now that
immortals is the best and you but you do
not necessarily think they are going to
retain that title yes okay Kelsey I was
just going to say that I think that
based on this week I felt like immortals
played really surprisingly well in terms
of understanding how to keep pressure
animal flames reacting to clg's like
admittedly abysmal tahm Kench collapses
and things like this so I think that the
mortals looked like I preferred watching
the immortal CLG series to like any of
the EU series that were kind of hyped
this week so for that reason I felt like
immortal look really really good and
again I am not really sure because it
does feel like if they aren't able to
identify what they're doing so of course
this could all be an elaborate role and
I feel like teams should do this more in
interviews but I like yeah why we don't
know why we're winning because they just
don't want to tell you why they're
winning I feel like you know that could
be done like I actually do know a team
that intention like and that I'm not
going to say which team it was but I do
know a team that intentionally in this
lead like press as to who the
shot-caller was because they didn't want
enemy teams to use that information to
like focus that player or something in
game or something I know so I don't know
I think that that that could be an
interesting element I don't think it's
happening necessarily but I mean yeah I
can believe it a little bit where like
they intentionally trying to say as much
because like TSM is like oh yeah we're
doing this stuff we're trying to work on
different columns and seals use like oh
are still pushing
that we got to really work on our Fuhrer
split-pushing and like everyone just
kind of like talks about what they think
one right or wrong and the world's just
like maybe I don't know if I I have
enough confidence that a mortal's to
pull something like that off you know
like I've never thought of xmithie is
like this genius mastermind who's gonna
like mislead it ever who knows why have
we heard more about song I feel like for
a coach coming in and leading a team
from seventh place to first place why
don't we hear more about this guy like I
haven't heard shit about him I mean how
much are people asking about him and
bringing him up right we are sorted
radically to be effective though you
can't tell your CEO because I feel like
knowing Winston will use it as a
platform of some kind to be like yes our
team is funding for this reason nothing
little no it is anyway okay so Kelsey do
you think immortals is the best right
now uh yeah I think they're the best
team na right now do you think they will
be by the end of the split I mean it's
just so hard knowing that like immortals
as an organization have kind of what
multiple strong rosters fall slowly side
because they couldn't adapt a meta or
they couldn't figure something else out
and so they look that are strategically
right now I just and they have a new
coaching staff and everything else it's
just really hard to give them that faith
I guess so you don't think that they
already mean number one this split I
just say that I can't I don't have
confidence that they will I think that
so than you do it's a very binary
question Kelsey do you think they will
continue to be number one in the slavery
question oh no ok that that's all I
needed for me I think I don't know if a
morals is the best right now because I
don't I'm not good enough at this game
but I don't think they will be best by
the end of the split because I think you
will see one of the classics suddenly
step up which is always the case in
North America that's all I can say it
feels less like immortals has this
history of flopping because that
was pretty much the who near an overt
Dylan Falco pull belts like that whole
I'm team twice and then the next time
that we saw a roster that was completely
different was the one that you know had
our talk on it exploded Thank You
Kimberly this is per year and a half so
yeah I feel like I would draw more on
other team success history of CLG c9
plush TSM then I would immortals yeah I
mean but but that's about point I just
do feel like a lot of times it is so org
not pressuring change and things like
this when you have situations like that
so I really need to stop saying things
like this it's okay I know I you to buy
a counter alright so moving on from
immortals where we all think that
they're the best for the most part and
don't think that they will be by the end
of the split we now have drafting the
cop drafting with confidence confidence
or hubris yes Emily Rand um yes so such
things as concurrence featuring TSM
since Karen yes and the reason why is
featuring TSM Spence carrion is because
one of the common criticisms of teams
that have been going up against TSM is
that they do not ban his leases and it's
obviously a comfort pick for him it's
one of these champions he kind of
defaults to a lot of the time and Leeson
is generally strong right now but you
know obviously if it's not banned they
keep picking it because it works and
they're able to win he's able to do a
lot more for the team on that champion
so I guess I just wanted to talk about
general approaches to drafting and
obviously there's I feel like there's
always this push and pull between you
have to ban out Opie's versus you have
to ban out comfort picks and with the
Lee sin it's a lot different than a lot
of other times we've brought this up
like I know I brought up not banning
certain champions against the Gigabyte
Marines which was something to me that
was really obvious and those champions
kind of stood out but Lee sin is a very
common
in champion that you don't necessarily
need to ban in all situations so I guess
I just want to talk about the general
draft approach do we agree with teams
leaving loosen up do we think it should
be banned I'm on the side that you
should just ban it to get him off that
champion I don't think it's a waste of a
band at all um but how do you guys feel
how are you going to win the world if
you can't be Spence Karen's Lisa Wow how
are you gonna get it I mean that's um
and is it that's a good good question I
mean that's kind of how I feel about it
too is that I see a lot of people do
these criticisms like and it's always
like stop getting care knocks hey listen
it's the Chinese example it's likely
opposite obviously as I stopped putting
like if clearly can't play leasing what
is he going to do and then the like G to
set it in when they play fnatic after
they played fnatic fnatic is literally
the only team that does this shen cannon
thing why would we say in it when
they're the only team that does it and
we should just know how to play it which
we should just know how to deal with it
it's kind of the responses it's like if
it's a very specific thing to this team
and you can understand the theory behind
it you should be able to play against it
if it's not like just an open champion
or something listen I feel like if
there's something that a team does
specifically I would ban that and force
them to play the stuff I'm used to
beating but I think it depends on the
champions like the Spence Karen example
is when I think you should ban just
because there's obviously other things
the meta you can play Lee sin is still
matter though and then he looks so much
worse on the other meta stuff wears like
one that I actually agree with a lot of
people leaving up pretty often is the
who here really in Soul example we're
like he has a really good winner in on
that it goes off but people don't ban it
even in the series that they lost to it
against in Game one they left it up came
to and who he just didn't pick it
because he's still going to perform
reasonably well on other champions like
just because you've been a really in
Seoul does I mean you get a free wind
and seal G only takes a really insult
when they feel like it's a really good
time for them for some reason they don't
default to it like a Lee sin
apparently for sin so I think for some
teams you kind of do have to just let
them get that comfort thing sometimes
because it it's not worth devoting the
draft resources to get rid of like that
one threats like ID please all the time
because he'll just pick something else
that's fine like that's kind of how I
feel about Pearson syndra sometimes -
not right now because interest super
meta and strong I mean I do think that
it's like Leeson is meta and this is the
Sun scary and it's just super good at it
it's like maybe it's arguable that you
want to in a region like an A or Europe
or China you want to play against teams
when they're at their best for the best
quality of competition if you're really
thinking about competing internationally
which is like kind of Travis's point so
I would I kind of get that especially in
regular season um yeah I I just feel
like if it's not like this ridiculously
out of balancing or if you don't really
really need the win it's okay to to make
drafting cuprous quote unquote
yes I think that's that makes sense like
you you kind of have this - check mark
system where it's like all right is this
you know something out there party so
they get at like bjergsen syndra and
also does it make sense to ban it
underneath normal circumstances because
it's super o P then you have a pretty
good argument because you're going to
ban Opie stuff normally at Worlds or at
international competition but if you'd
are just like oh this guy's pretty good
at it it's really a struggle
maybe you just keep it up unless you
really really need the win well then
also the Third's checkbox to look at is
kind of like how much does it actually
influences champion pool because like
right now Lee seems to heavily heavily
influences champion pool where that
might not be the case for yeah but you
don't want him to learn any of these
other champions keep him on that one
thing so that he's weak and vulnerable
and then you banish 80% oh that's nice
gaming method comes out of the sample I
can yeah 2015 people just didn't ban
makes comp like they ran like two types
of comps because their jungler had like
two champions
and their mid had like one champion and
it was just so people just let them keep
playing them and then playoffs came like
first what do we do now exactly that's
what I'm talking about I guess I was
enjoy while winning TSM if you ask all
from this we carry yes that's all more
like Sam don't force them to learn
anything else until it's too late for
him to learn anything else you know I
mean if you look at it it's much harder
for TSM to learn how to play other
things than you to learn how to type in
Lee and the client and in it so if one
of the two teams needs to adapt it's
much easier on the team that needs to
ban - yeah exactly
my I think this is just you know it's an
example of the 3d chess that you see in
na LCS that you don't really see in any
other League you know people are just
they're not thinking about this game
much like much like latias I keep saying
they're not thinking about this game or
this match they're thinking about the
one that they're going to face against
SKT in the finals at Worlds love it okay
let's let's move on so we also have how
long before we write off g2 says Kelsey
yeah so this is actually something that
we talked about how we're ranking and
you're really sawing I'm Alice was just
gushing yeah yeah I think it's a really
valid question because everyone's kind
of like well gee to have been really
good for the past year and a half right
one LTS consistently and then whoa after
that so of course they'll catch up of
course we'll figure it out siren
standing or how they started out and
they were standing isn't that it's a
little weird cuz we just started cross
conference and but they've lost a
message they've lost you go well they
lost a fanatic see you thinking but they
had in there that weird they're two and
five
put it in their group they had the weird
start yet a third in their group they
had the weird start but the thing is is
that some of the stuff that you see them
doing poorly right is stuff that you
aren't really sure that they they can't
solve like for example right now you
have the top I interaction being really
emphasized where you have like really
definitive pushing champions and then
these are usually easy gank
opportunities for the enemy jungler
early on and a lot of junglers are
capping that way and then like expect
just like isn't setting that up or he's
not awareness when they're doing like
when they're doing like 1 3 1 or 1 4 and
then expect we'll just have very low
have very low pressure in a side lane
and then people or the other half of the
map will have really low pressure and
then expect to be pushed out or
something like this and they're not like
coordinating the lane well a lot of
times they're willing to give up
objectives just to give some farm which
is like something that they've
theoretically done in the past like they
will give up multiple first-year turrets
so that then can have extra time in a
low pressure Lane the farm is switchers
this kog'maw which occasionally works on
like it's worked for them when you
played switched because which is like
super strong it can do pick conflicts it
can do a bunch of different things but
not necessarily the kog'maw and so and
and trick is not really good at taking
advantage of pushing Lane scenarios in
my opinion like he doesn't really
pressure invades well or denied the
enemy jungler like why he's doing what
type of advantages is basically just
ganking it and it's not always
successful because it's somewhat
predictable thankfully though so I feel
like g2 are having a lot of problems
that are either related to the meta also
like the more play making style supports
are coming back out and this used to be
a strength for methey but i think these
kind of faltering a little in terms of
mechanical form and stuff like this so
like they're they're either our meta
related concerns for g2 or it just feels
like stuff that they've always had that
are becoming more relevant now and so
the
like do we start condemning them are we
still waiting for them to get it
together like table G to as an
organization commanded enough confidence
for us to put them in the same category
as he isn't these types of questions
well it sounds really similar to like
this GOG problem last year right we're
like they went to MSI they had a great
run really respected we'll come out a
little slow and everyone's like oh yeah
you know it's like the hangover a little
bit they had to play a lot more they're
going to be tired and then they fig
supposed to figure stuff out but seals
you never really figure stuff out in
summer split well in GTA on a vacation
but the weird sin or they're beginning
their Koreans went on a vacation yeah
exactly
parks first was sick it was a Korean
vacation yeah I called it a sick
sometimes a yahoo in person six a bit
they had three thoughts but that that
was the first week and then secondly he
could use that excuse because maybe they
have some ashram time well yeah but the
question is like how long are you sorry
here week and fourth week and we're
seeing TSM kind of pick up and form but
I just feel like you two just aren't
getting it yeah what are the human links
getting it what if you're always a
little behind everybody else if you miss
that first week and like the boys like
they kind of like in it you could art
well you could argue that there is going
to be a year behind you you could argue
yeah people are like much available
increase at the same rate which is like
isn't true I mean hundred some self said
but like because people have already
picking it out and will be playing
against people who've already figured it
out we should theoretically be able to
catch up theoretically but what if you
compound
okay so there's an MSI handicap when you
go to MSI I think most people would
agree with that and then you come back
and then you also miss like the
beginning of this play so what if yes
maybe you can gain on people maybe
you're a good team so you can like catch
up to them or you can look at what other
people are doing but what if you still
need to like spend time catching up and
so it's going to take a little bit for
them to get there I just fundamentally
don't think that that's actually what
happens in League of Legends especially
with a team that didn't change out any
roster members like there's no reason
that like
suddenly you guys don't work together on
like oh well we need to build our own
team up because we don't understand how
we function as a team like who sews we
make the fiscal who's supposed to make
that call right like you need to get
back in the groove of doing that but
like you at least have some basis that
should exist yeah but do we think that's
what these youth problems are that it's
just like a team synergy thing or is it
just like an understanding of the game
because if it's not I'm saying the game
and that's the issue right yeah that's
what Kelsey are saying more right
and I'm thinking abut all they have are
beings particularly emphasized since the
the mid-season change that makes like
some of the top line stuff with this way
the top line that is trending and how
you top line advantages and then like
the fact that purpose isn't right I mean
there's more jungle times this isn't a
problem for trick is that there's more
jungle tempo space outside of just
farming and that was something he was
already good always good at it was like
optimum I think his farm loss went and
things like those or last year and now
that that's changed it he struggled war
this year in general and it just keeps
kind of compounding and stuff like this
Emily um my counterpoint to or like a
slight counterpoint to what Mark was
saying actually is that like remember
talking to CLG at the beginning of
spring when everyone even though they
faltered at Worlds a lot of people were
like well they you know they stuff with
the same roster
you shouldn't have to relearn all that
communication and stuff so you know
they're they will come out of the gate
and they'll look strong because they'll
be able to communicate and then maybe
they'll fall off later in the season
that was kind of the outlook that people
had on CLG going into this past spring
split and I know talking to a lot of
team members they said that you know
sure we still communicate and we think
it's the strength that we can kind of we
know each other so well that we can you
see someone you know make a mistake and
you get really mad at them but like it
blows over very very quickly because
everyone knows that you know you're all
here trying to win and that's obviously
a strength but when the meta shifts
enough that you then have to adjust the
that I know members of CLG came out
repeatedly and said like we're having
trouble with you know darshan adjusting
to being the primary initiator because
it used to be a firmer it used to be
like who he and aphromoo combination so
I think that if the Metis ship enough
for players to have to take on a
different role within the team
regardless of whether you haven't
changed your roster regardless of
whether you've had a core of a team
that's been together and they know how
to communicate and they know how to
problem-solve I still think that that
can definitely throw a wrench into your
plans and I think that could be
something that's happening to g2 if they
at all have to adjust to different roles
right but that's that's more meta
related right he's not like I feel like
the point the Travis was pushing or like
talking about was like oh we fell behind
the other teams and we need to figure it
out and it's like no your team doesn't
function well when each player now needs
to play differently and that's what I
mean like I don't think it's like oh
we're going to catch up and figure it
out it's like this is something your
team will struggle with not like you
took top too much time off or this or
that
elemental team struggle yet I'd agree
with that for sure so I mean that's that
I guess that was my point like I think I
see g2 now in a similar situation where
they might be new meta where the way
they've been playing previously isn't
going to necessarily work so the
question was how long before we write
off g2 Kelsey are you ready to write off
g2 I think unless something changes that
swings them back into favor I think we
kind of have to have lower expectations
for g2 at least a little bit at this
point and say they don't look like
they're going to win this way so marker
Emily I admittedly have not watched
tonnage youtube but if the problems are
as Kelsey says where it's less about
like oh I just don't play Gallio well I
need to figure out how to actually play
Gallio mid and more about like they play
with waves improperly like spends not
where you should be or he's out farming
you know that kind of stuff that you're
saying like
that's a more fundamental issue than
meta we got to figure out how the meta
works right now it's um for me I think
it's difficult because previously you
could just kind of sit back and be like
you two are definitely better than the
rest of your I don't think you can say
that anymore
I think it's telling that their losses
like misfits are kind of rising up a bit
and then there are other losses were two
top teams so I think what it is is that
they've just shifted slightly down to a
point where like healthy said they're
not at that level where you just look at
them and they're like up default kings
of Europe like now they have serious
competitions
yeah very good all right and maybe this
is an addendum for last for next week
rather than this week but it's an
interesting question as to whether or
not that means like the rest of Europe
got stronger or at eg were just first
well we'll find out Italy I lose again
we can talk about all right what do a
Regents worse say about the strength of
the whole featuring MVP which is a it'll
be interesting as this whole time to
marks topic in a second as well so Emily
this is a interesting philosophical
question yes I was kind of voices your
teams like what does the region's worst
team say about you and this actually
came from the conversation that Kelsey
and I were having about the worst teams
that China and Korea are sending to rift
rivals and I was watching this series
between MVP and the Rox Tigers and it
was really bad um neither team knew how
to set up for Baron it's been a huge
thing we're beyond has what's really
lost and trying to communicate with this
lanes for some reason like that was MVPs
saying I know we've talked about them so
just a shortcut if you don't remember or
you haven't watched them like their
thing was kind of they as a unit where
greater than individual some of their
parts
they have some weak members and they you
know improved enough that they were in
playoffs and now they're the worst or
one of the worst teams in Korea so um I
guess we always talk about like like
Korea as a region I think a lot of
people look at it and they're like their
default the best region there's this
famous or I don't know how famous it is
but it's funny to me with where there's
kind of this Korean medicine thing where
like we're so good we can beat you with
our jenner's which i guess doesn't
really work because genero doing fairly
well right now but um there are worse
out there yeah yeah the idea is that
like our worst team is still going to
beat your best team which I actually
wanted to say about Korea that I don't
think that's true because watching that
MVP rock series was not good like for
modern diet neither team knew what to do
and it was bad and I knew it was going
to be bad going in but I still watched
it and it just I I don't see MVP doing
well rest rivals I don't think this is
going to be on those scenarios where
obviously you're also sending fkp and
Casey which are to significantly better
teams um one of which is the best in the
world so but I do think that there's a
lot to be said for looking at how like
the strength of the region as a whole
and what MVP tells me is that no like I
don't think they're going to go and be
able to perform particularly well on an
international stage unless something
some sort of weird drastic dramatic
change happens within the team during
the next week
well I mean it's kind of a weird
situation because in the past you didn't
really worry about types of these types
of questions because the strength of the
team is always just kind of shown at
worlds where you have presumably the top
three teams from that region there now
we have ripped rivals which is turning
more and more into just a really weird
weird weird event where you're going to
have put you know perhaps very bad teams
they're competing it's very good teams
it's just bizarre so I mean generally
speaking I think your question was what
do regions were say about the strength
of the whole and I think under normal
circumstances they say nothing because
you don't ever think about them because
they're not relevant to the conversation
about a region strength because the only
time you really worry about region
strength is at Worlds or MSI now you're
kind of like uh maybe they say something
because you know the worst team in
Europe beats North America like that's a
big deal
it's just weird I think yeah obviously
have to look at it within context like
so you got North America lastly when
we're like oh the deal is parity the
bottom teams actually like look
reasonable to is agree like envy takes
everyone to three games I think if you
saw a referral situation with like let's
go some reason they went and they
challenged other top teams and do the
same thing I think you would be like oh
wow you know what's true about envious
product like all of na is reasonably
strong because they're all kind of
playing and being beating them but
struggling and I think it's like you
said it's usually the case where you
can't even try and make those kind of
assumptions because you never see them
anywhere else with their own region but
a lot of times - I feel like a really
bad team just sucks like oil Coast or
like Oh
Origen last split like those kinds of
things just are not very indicative of
the region as a whole and it's about
like that team just sucked like sneaky
sports yeah I mean I think there's yeah
actually was in China there is the
slight counter that I would bring up
which is I actually don't think - I
think and I enjoy crime is I think it is
ding dong which is really interesting
because ding dong are actually driving a
lot of strategic change in China uh and
it is weird because what they're doing
is they're doing it wrong just like
fundamentally look there they basically
Lane swap at
it's ten minutes like regardless of
circumstances or situation like usually
two lanes lot because of teleport
advantage or your top has a huge lead
and your bot is suffering which I think
works for jingdong generally but then
they like miss play to swap or something
like this and then I think a lot of
teams are just doing it now because they
want to have their dual link top when
Rick Carroll spawns and this is becoming
like an LPL thing and it's leading to a
lot of misallocation a farm like ad
carry is getting sent really really
poorly far behind and I would say
jingdong started it because jingdong
have been experimenting with lane swaps
to compensate for their bottom line all
year when they were at qg and so to me
that's an interesting an interesting
situation i think you can have like
really bad teams try to kind of have an
influence on the meta with like weird
gimmicks or strategic things because
like maybe their players are very good
but they can come up with an idea that
gets them some wins or things like this
like I think I think Lyra uh for example
had an impact on the way the jungle was
played in North America yes yeah alright
anything more on this topic which I
don't know we really completed but I
don't know if we have a really good
answer for what to regions were say
about the strength of the hole all right
moving on to a sort of similar question
which is about teams that suck do any
bottom half teams break into the top
half and I guess you're asking about
within the context of na LCS this split
right mark yeah that would be it okay so
who are the bottom half teams right now
I'm trying to pull it up NV p 1tl like
west echo fox like west so of those five
teams do any of them bump out the
current top five which is you know big
c9 tlg TSM immortals because for me I
think
it's pretty set in stone and like the
only one you're looking at is like
potentially like envy and Dignitas but
other than that I feel like the top four
top five are pretty clearly a step above
and like echo fox I think like their
Leakey and decision making it's like
fundamentally flawed it has been for a
long time and I doubt it will get fixed
in the middle of a season randomly and a
lot of the teams have something like
that really like this is a fatal flaw
within the team that I don't know how
they fix so I don't know how you guys
feel but I really feel like Envy is the
only team who can kind of like figure it
out to the level that they can make a
push and playoffs and maybe like upset
someone yeah I'd agree with that I mean
with nd can kind of be a wheel turning I
think it's going to depend on what they
end up doing with their middling
position and how that affects the team I
love it so this past week was the first
week that we saw Nikki over period and
it was a little bit different echo fox
is really frustrating because they have
like the tools to win games and then
they just don't yes they're watching
they're watching their series against
TSM legitimately one of the more
frustrating series of the past weekend's
um like Emily just always has like that
one na LCS series from the week unless
she happens where she's just like oh I
mean cousins on it and they didn't this
just yeah it's especially for echo foxes
like you have a good early game jungler
a really strong mid laner your top laner
can do some things and you're balling as
long as they're stable they're fine but
it's like it just never comes together
despite the leads that they get yeah and
I mean again like you said I don't
really see that changing so
echo from Fox to mirror like the most
frustrating team in this lineup of
bottom teams and na and then Team Liquid
Phoenix one in five West it's really
difficult to see them
doing anything to get out of that
position I think that's interesting how
there usually is like a top you know
three to five or whatever no really
dramatic drop-off yep that's like always
regional of na LCS histories yep ollie
it's not just it's not just na LCS like
I think it's true in most regions as
well and I don't know if it's just that
like there is do you reach a point where
you're using up all of the talent or is
it you're using up all of the
infrastructural talent is it a point
where there's a cool kids club I don't
know it doesn't behind the LCS and
they're like okay it's like okay I just
won by inclusion they're all throwing to
each other to make sure that they can
save all the rest I you know if it feels
like the screens and apps or anything
like that it feels if a gap is basically
like the teams above them don't have
like this one thing that will felt like
they just can't overcome so like you
know envy struggles they when they lose
based off comp how they played that game
these kinds of things were some teams
like echo fox just can't win because
they don't know what the hell to do with
a lead and like TL just they they just
don't have any like idea what they're
trying to do at all fly questions wants
play super super agro but they're
mechanically like not up to snuff and
it's like they have to become
mechanically way better if they want to
play that skirmish Chevy or whatever it
feels like for most like the bottom
teams just like this thing that they
can't fix without roster changes or or
like a new season coming in yeah I it's
interesting so I'm going to make a
prediction which is that dig drops out
of the top five and that either envy or
echo fox pop-up only because in the same
way that I will never bet against you
know like a cloud 9 or a TSM I will
never bet for Dignitas there I will
always bet against Dignitas they have
seemed like since reentering under like
taking over this other brand and 76ers
coming in I still feel like this is the
same day exhaustive not that all you eat
yeah it's like my code oh I don't know
what
the secret sauces that made you guys
this way that has somehow like survived
through this weird new transition but
you're still digging sauce so I I
predicted this house to drop somehow
something weird happens or whatever and
it's hard for me too because like you
know I referenced this earlier and then
Emily shut me down as she so often does
but I do think that at some point time
clg's just going to implode but I don't
think it will be like that they will
probably be okay long for just a couple
more weeks so that they stay in the top
five even if they like Buster at the end
or something or they look terrible in
playoffs so I don't know I I think dig
will drop I think fields you will stay
but that they'll have dramatic drops
before the end of this play so all right
other than that time for questions from
the chat all right woot-woot one two
three four five says why did Kelsey sell
out and put UOL below IMT on Power
Rankings
I mean crystal I already expressed this
I think a little bit because I think
immortals if I looked at all of the
Western / Chinese teams this week I
think in mortals played the best and
that's like a week-to-week thing I think
that the g2 versus your well series
inspired basically zero confidence in me
the fanatic versus the mysterious
monkeys is inspired very little
confidence in fnatic I feel like right
now the problem with European teams they
all have like a gimmick okay and this is
it's really frustrating because it's
like their gimmick isn't necessarily
champion pools or things like things of
that nature
they have like with you in accordance of
love they've suddenly see an opening in
the middle of the game because someone's
got pressure on a side of the map and
then they all group made and they think
like you and you lose and this is how
they win against fnatic
they will play these very deliberate
pick style compositions with a side
laning ad carry and if they don't give
you specific like pick set up
or things like this I feel these
specific stick setups and they also
default to this weird team fighting
protects reckless thing and it's just
very it's extremely defined extremely
one-dimensional and immortal showed
slightly more depth than I expected on
them so I think this week they deserve
the spot maybe next week they drop down
Helen 21s asks is Apollo carrying envy
harder than Lera the split oh that's an
interesting question because my gut
reaction is no but Lera hasn't been
super impressive and like the whole team
has stepped up for a large degree and
Apollo probably the most it just has the
overtaken Lera I don't know that's to
think about it for a second alright I
mean I still thing yeah I was gonna say
I still think so Lera does more for the
team even if it's not as visibly obvious
but that also could be due to the nature
of his position because he's a jungler
um I think Apollo has had a career split
thus far yeah I've actually been really
impressed with how much ease he stepped
out and so I hope that he continues I
think it's also that if anything Envy
right now seems to me like a team where
they're actually not just looking for
Lear two carrier they're not just
looking for like one thing to let them
win they're actually really trying to
focus on playing as a team and playing
through your ad carry currently
especially when he's playing so well is
a really good strategy for nd and so I
think it's some of that as well like it
seems like they've settled on that
that's the best way that they should
play right now and actually I think
that's really good for the team because
last year it was kind of
we'll ninja intz and can we are a carry
hard enough and that's not that team
anymore like they seem a lot more like
an actual unit which good what's what's
weird as though I think playing around
like they're balling was actually super
good for the team like with miss key
coming in it feels like he's not as much
that kind of player we're like he plays
Cassio and like wants more resources and
period where he like just totally and re
and kind of roamed around with Lyra so
that's kind of one of the reasons I
think MB I wouldn't say I took a step
back this week but they're clearly a
different style team this week I
shouldn't watch these games and these
games this week very much did they miss
Keys orianna's traditionally pretty bad
do you think uh a bunch of Casio he
played one to Leah game which actually
roam dwell on it was the one time that
he did Rome well and then I don't member
what else he played but it was not it
was a very different champion pool than
period with Tilly that one Tilly again
being the similar thing I mean he plays
a lot differently than period two and I
don't know if it because of the way that
Lyra and Tyrion communicate because Lyra
has said he was a little bit worried
about peering going into the slit and he
kind of took him under his wing and the
end result was that period regardless of
what you think of him as a leaner was
really great at signing up for Lyra
specifically um like kind of always
being ahead of the jungler getting the
first rotation on some of those rooms
for mid setting a vision for Lyra
stuff like that um so yeah it's it I'm
curious to see where they go but I think
playing through Apollo more it has been
a smart move for them alright
I like this question a lot just casual
says what's the story this year you are
hoping to actually happen so anything in
fact no anything else yes EU LCS walls
like what is the story the you know
League of Legends story that you'd like
to see happen Emily no my ear Ulster
finally wins
a Korean title forescore okay it's more
about score than KP rate he has been
disowned me boss associate has not won
anything
huh I would say the Korean upset just
someone beats Amit worlds
I don't care nae Hina finals you're
saying like Korea does not win yeah like
they don't win world would be like just
I think that's cool for the sport after
having us been railed on generally by
Korea for so long
Kelsie Thailand I'd like to see happen I
would like to see an all Chinese team
not implode for internal reasons well my
story would be you guys are just still
snickering about the China I would know
I know it's not about royal I just can't
let's go after being let go from Yahoo
Travis cafard rises above and beyond
anyone's expectations to run the
greatest eSports team or company or
organization you know if you want dude
yes yeah baby like are you going to
become a player what do you mean you're
rising up you know like it's just people
people think I've done you know you know
Peter Peter is being jokes Pahang gonna
be homeless literally have heard no and
say that so I think it's just Peter yeah
I mean the thing though is if you want
to make the greatest comeback you need
to fall further down because like this
is very far to be honest like you need
to actually become homeless and like
develop a crack addiction okay and then
beat all of that okay make it a really
good comebacks okay okay get online chat
I will get on that thank you alright
my experience is Travis I think you're
confused people hope you're done they
don't think you're done mmm Wow yeah
alright uh let's see she gets this guy
on the show he's playing throughout a
sudden Restless one more question okay
well I kind of already addressed this
and answer this question but just
because he had a funny joke
we'll ask my expense question how
confident are we that Digg won't have a
massive upward or downward swing between
now and playoffs I'm confident they'll
have a downward swing how confident are
all of you and dig and them doing
something dramatic one way or the other
mmm I wouldn't even necessarily call it
like a big downward swing I think like
right now they're very inconsistent with
it basically being like how well the
shrimp do early game and then can we let
some day carry us or do we get a good
mid game bear and call on the flake two
of those those things don't happen they
lose then you two of those three
basically it happen I think and that's a
little scary considering like a lot of
other teams do more I think so I'm not
even sure Nestor that's a downward trend
so much is like oh and be figured it out
and now they're headed Dignitas or maybe
maybe they do trend downwards a little
bit like shrimp starts just straight
playing been feeding because he is that
kind of volatile player but I don't
think that there's clearly something
that's going to go horribly wrong with
this scene the way like we're thinking
maybe CLG explodes or something I mean
this kind of a case with like a lot of
kind of mediocre almost their team in na
like I know we kind of talked about the
bottom teams not being able to fix their
problem so I feel like the middle of na
are always these really inconsistent
teams that will have like and not even
just North America like any any region
like you look at Korea right now and
it's a frico genera and long zoo all of
and kind of in the middle and all them
have these really like sometimes
inconsistent showing so um it's always
really hard for me to cull I don't know
I don't see I don't see Dignitas having
like a massive upward swing but I also
don't see them having a massive downward
swing either like I think you're just
going to stay kind of a mediocre
inconsistent team and unless they I
don't know I don't even know what would
have to happen in order for them I guess
other teams around them would have to
move
Diablo CG will ask actually the final
question well you and Mark be going to
summer finals me and me and Mark so mark
what explain to me what happened this
week hid out the broadcast Friday I
think it was Friday they posted the it
was a Saturday Oh Saturday like hashtag
take mark or hashtag leave mark was that
real were you always going like was that
actually going to side it or did they
tell you what was happening I don't I
miss the part where they were it was
just super troll it was in rehearsal so
like for LCS what happens like we get
there at 9:00 a.m. we go through read
through your every little cell script
yeah yeah everything scripted we get the
players in there they practice the games
to make sure they execute them properly
like wrestling yeah but one of the
things in rehearsals like we usually
joke around a lot more it's like - does
his like read-through about how there's
a promotion going on for the tickets for
Boston and then he turned to me just
kind of conversationally like you're
from Boston right I was like Japanese
like are you going and I was like I
don't know you guys tell me usually you
hire me to go I don't choose to go and
then he's like well let's ask the fans
maybe they'll decide and then they
actually made like a hash tag in like a
poll and because they tell you that they
were going to do that on the progress
yeah they were like oh yeah let's
actually do that it sounds funny and
then like I had no point where we like
hey by the way mark if this goes well we
will actually bring you or if it goes
badly we actually well no consequences
were ever discussed so you were here for
all you know you're like this was a joke
but maybe this is like they were like we
really need a way to tell if whether
whether or not mark is bringing real
value to the finals like that that's
what I thought I was like it's like a ha
ha is this money but like seriously
let's take a poll how popular mark yeah
yeah yeah that's too good so so is it
confirmed you get to go and I assume you
have to know that's why I said there's
been zero the talk of a free conference
okay so at some point in time somebody
who's actually in charge of the
broadcast might be like oh no no we were
never going to take mark we don't have
that in the budget
yeah we'll see he'll go oh I read I
that's it's it's interesting to hear
that's how riots writing the broadcast
these days if that's how it was funny it
was a funny joke it got people online
and then it's like well I guess we're
bring a market here it's not the end of
the world for them if they happen to
bring me as
far as me going to bus I feel like the
chances are great right now like I don't
know if I'm going to have something by
that point in time and while I do
appreciate the tips and stuff that have
been hitting my support page I will say
that it's definitely instructed me that
I probably can't go to patreon our
Kickstarter route because I would need a
significant increase or multiplier
effect for this to actually be like a
real source of income so I think mark
you've experienced that before with
blame game and stuff right yeah I mean
it's a nice like addition yeah like
right now my patron I guess immediately
I don't care about hogging numbers gets
me around 200-300 which like yeah that's
nice I really appreciate that but yeah
that's not a livable yes yes
and that's kind of what that's around
what I've been seeing - it's so I like
the cost of flying to Boston and going
to a hotel or doing a hotel thing and
all that shit is comforting so maybe
I'll have something or L freelance or
somebody by that I don't know but I feel
like there's a pretty good chance I
don't go to Boston for finals but that's
okay because I can finally sit what
you're going all right well well because
it's because I can stay at my parents oh
and it's like I literally just watch at
your parents house for free uh said not
is that not an ollie Eveleigh Amy I mean
I guess I could ask them or people um
anyway but yeah I just walk down the
train stations right there and take the
train to Boston and it's super easy and
chic yeah I have the benefit right now
of not having a permanent address so uh
it's just a situation you're actually
the homeless one we're talking about
yeah okay yeah all right well anyway I
just wish it was like in sale or
something because that's cheaper uh I
think that's it so sound time for Emily
rands anime Pick of the Week Oh Anime
Expo is this weekend in Los Angeles
it is Emily will be going there this is
the special Anime Expo edition
of Emily around tonight because my pick
has nothing to do with in my Expo it's
actually super old so um there might be
con sentiments I thought so I'm trying
to think is like the way to watch this
legally - I can't remember whether it's
streaming or anywhere but the DVDs are
out somewhere so I don't know it's
available is available legally yes so
which is my only like Texas my like
technicality right but it is an OVA
movie kind of thing called Mac Ross plus
it's super old but it is absolutely
gorgeous and if you want to see fighter
plans and a kind of like wrote love
story but just in general like some
really amazing animation and in a really
amazing like soundtrack and sound
direction go watch Mike Ross plus
because it's just really fun and yeah I
don't know I just like seeing like very
technically advanced animation and this
is like one of the more beautiful things
I've seen from anime in general was okay
what is it about though it is about
plans of a fighter
yeah it's like it's like fighter pilots
basically and there's an idol was trying
to kill everyone there's a water trying
to kill a dream and I don't idle boys
I'm seeing like a trend with known like
a pop star I think I'm seeing a trend
with Emily's anime takes is that she
doesn't really care what they're about
as much as that they're pretty yes I
like a good visual storytelling this is
just talk done right kind of yeah
actually that's what I was going to say
it's kind of like Top Gun by anime sold
all right if if we can't get the show or
this segment of the show sponsored by
crunchyroll should I explore getting
fuck
No
I know
so PACU is like I don't know so okay I
did not know what it was until two anime
Expos ago when I was walking around
Anime Expo because I go for you know
just I get a media badge and I look at
the eSport you go because you like anime
great well I've never I don't watch
anime I don't even know what justify
being that you know one's gonna be like
you would to Expo and I'm watching an
online broadcast about League of Legends
like I know jet is laning the context as
someone who didn't watch anime explain
why I would go there anyway just being
defensive so I went there two years ago
and I was walking past this like closed
off booth and there's a line of people
like waiting to go in and this woman
that was like helping the line go in or
whatever monitoring people coming in
walks up to me was like hey Travis
you're you're Travis right I was like
yeah and she's like hey my boyfriend
will really want to meet you because
he's big Lee fan or whatever I was like
okay and so she brings me behind the
curtain or whatever into this booth
that's labeled fakku and I look around
and I'm like oh okay so this is it say
in that moment I guess I learned that
it's a Western
I guess hentai is the name of like that
type of like porn anime right so it's
like a western hentai company but from
what I can tell of my limited knowledge
of east of anime it is they've sort of
styled themselves as like you know how
playboy is kind of like a cool brand
like people we're like playboy hats or
whatever people wear like fakku hats and
stuff that's like they've somehow made
it made it into like a cool brand within
the anime space that's that's the
impression I have Emily's making a face
right now that's an interesting
impression is that you is that not early
not a cool brand be careful here we're
trying to go sounds like an Austin
Powers joke like they do then yeah yeah
I don't know but they're like I've just
seen them they're named Oliver and make
seven people wear hats and all stuff so
anyway
that's my experience there oh and the
owner is very very nice guy he's a big
fan of League of Legends stuff and last
year he met doublelift and hunter and
bio frost and gave bio frost a jacket
that was some hentai reference and it
was hilarious
anyway that we could hear yeah marking
off my day
melee moment I haven't eaten yet today
there's not really a melee moment thing
that happened was Dreamhack Armada Wong
got people up and go okay well that was
the melee moment watch Go Go Google did
he just walk up slowly in down smash
this your melee moment he just walked up
slowly and down smash hooking yeah uh
Kelsey you have any shot slugs anything
you want to say at the end of this ah
this is the last time I'll be coming to
you from that Shanghai oh really nice
are you going to be in Europe connection
duck I'm going to be in Rowan
accessories okay well looking forward to
it hopefully you have good internet just
igniting it isn't terrible feels good
Emily like Travis mo Viet Anime Expo
this week I'll also be Alpheus it's
going to be an interesting because I
have to do a bunch of free and stuff LCS
um but yeah so I'm freelancing at a
bunch of different places two of which
have been announced one of which I think
will be announced may be question mark
so maybe I'll find out about that and
yeah I know it's just I guess if you are
at all interested in anything I write
following me on Twitter right now is
probably the best way to go which is
just at league of Emily mark I'm mark Z
at D mark see on Twitter I'll be putting
out the blame game tomorrow or Thursday
I also cast any CS and Linus down
are you alright is there a larger ribbon
for me I've got some more stuff coming
to YouTube this weekend or this week
including some stuff that I can talk
about yet but also all these got
interviews going up they're great
they're super fun I did a video with her
at LCS this week which was actually
surprisingly I think only the second
time we'd ever released a video together
so that's really cool and then yeah it's
just figuring out what's next in my life
so thanks everyone for watching this has
been like weekly hopefully we will be
back next Monday maybe it'll be Tuesday
who knows
we'll see how Kelsey's Aaron it is
thanks for watching